Finally, we have some general requirements.
The first of these is that you must build in
the very first thing we talked about, operational status control.
So every critical state changing function within
your Smart Contract should have the ability for it to be paused.
Now when we talked about the airlines,
you're already implementing multiparty control there.
So it will be a good idea to make that function sharable,
so you can use it for voting,
whether a new airline should be registered.
You could potentially also use it for voting on whether
the status of the application should be changed to paused.
So you can write it in a dual-purpose manner and therefore,
make your Smart Contract more efficient.
In general, not just specific to this project,
you should create functions that fail incredibly fast.
Ideally, you want them to succeed.
But if there is prior knowledge that the function is going to fail,
please have the require functions
related to those at the very beginning of your function,
so that there is little or no guess expended by the user.
So this is something that as a standard development practice for smart contracts,
is try and fail fast,
so costs are kept low.
Now, we are going to shortly go
through and look at all the scaffolding code that you're going to have,
which you will replace to create the project.
The scaffolding code is intended to make things easy for you.
However, if you have better ideas or you find that
there's other ways in which you can more
efficiently meet the requirements of the project,
please feel free to replace it with your own code.
In fact, we encourage it because that gives you
the opportunity to really build something from scratch,
versus using the scaffolding that's already in place.
The most important thing is,
we're all here, in this joint endeavor here for learning.
It's important that you have fun,
it's important you challenge yourself,
it's important you grow and have fun.
The code and the project we presented here reflects a real-world example.
In fact, if you do some searching on the web,
you'll see that there are several companies right now that are either already
live or pursuing this concept of flight insurance,
it's a growing trend.
So what you'll be working on is something you can really sink your teeth
into as a real project that is both
interesting and will help you test every aspect
of web blockchain development and put together a great solution.